{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Wikipedia\
\
Wikipedia is a storehouse of information for a large number of movies. Box-Office collection information is easily available via WIkipedia\'92s public API. Google Inc. has released a Java wrapper for the API (CITE) which enables a Java application to easily query Wikipedia and parse the page information returned. We use this Java API (at https://github.com/movieaugur/wikipedia) to extract movie related information.\
\
The WikiRead project (at https://github.com/movieaugur/wikiread) uses this API. One of the major phases in the development process is the training of Augur. The training process utilizes a large number of movies. We use information of movies released between 1940 and 2013. Wikipedia dedicates a page to movies released in a particular year. We parse the page for each year, and extract the list of movies released in each year. We then access the wikipedia page for each movie and extract box-office collection information from the page\'92s standard movie information table. The parsed information is stored in a file for later access during the training stage. Totally, we have 18,876 movies from 1940 to 2013. \
\
Collecting data for 18,876 movies on a local machine takes a large amount of time, so MapReduce is used to collect box-office data. We also use MapReduce to aggregate box-office collections for a particular year. This information is used to correlate movie ratings with box-office collection predictions at a later stage.}